What is the problem?
    Why does the Internet take several minutes to recover from problems?
        errors are hard to detect, and when they are detected, only a summary
        of this is shared.
    RON does it in seconds. How?
        RONs probe paths aggressively
    What is an application layer overlay? An overlay?
    "Other" RON nodes? How are they better than the internet?
        looks like "nodes" get together to route around problems

    what is dampening? what are oscillations? Why do AS summarize results to
    avoid dampening and oscillations?
    
    what is an overlay network?

Assignment information:
1. What is the problem these authors are trying to solve? 
        The internet currently takes minutes or hours to recognize a broken
        connection, RONs aim to identify them in seconds and route around
        them.
        enhance performance, increase fault tolerance

        established connections terminate during oscillations, as no
        acknowledgement is receive (fundamental flaw in BGP)

    What is wrong with Internet routing?
        errors are hard to detect, and when they are detected, only a summary
        of this is shared.
    Why does the Internet 'dampen' routing updates and reachability information?
        if it did not, oscillations would occur, where ___
    Why does the Internet take minutes (if not hours) to figure out something is wrong? 
        Detailed routing information is only contained within the AS itself,
        only summarized reports are shared over BGP, this promotes wide
        scalability, but costs routing efficiency. Aggregates information for
        hundreds of millions of hosts. These updates are deliberately slow in
        an effort to damped oscillations. This results in long times for route
        timings to converge.

2. What is an overlay network?
        A group of nodes connected on the same network, however they
        communicate with each other by aggressively probing their links. When
        the internet link is the best one, packets are transported over it. If
        it is not, RON nodes will redirect to other nodes in the network
        before BGP will recognize the fault. Limited to 50 nodes to limit
        bandwidth overhead on network. Uses existing protocols to observe and
        communicate information about lower layers of communication.
    How do you put one together?
    How do nodes learn about one another, and constantly probe to understand fluctuating Internet connectivity?
    How does RON route packets?
        This depends on the application, e.g. interactive applications may
        prioritize latency, while FTP may prioritize throughput.
    How does RON detect if a node is down? 
        RON does not have to worry about scalability, so it uses existing
        protocols and infrastructure to gain information about its own nodes.
        Leaves damping to BGP

3. How did the authors set-up a real-world experiment to test the efficiency of RON?
    How does RON rack up against the Internet in terms of: 
        (i) reducing latency, 
            5% of transfers observed doubled TCP throughput as a result
            reduced by 40ms in 11% of samples
        (ii) reducing packet loss, and 
            packet loss probability reduced by 0.05
        (iii) fast failure detection times? 

4. Finally, what are your thoughts about this work?
    impressive that they can achieve these goals with at most one redirection
    What are it's shortcomings?
    How can an invention like this benefit some applications that we all use everyday? 
